see straight that's he said that me too
hi this is Steve Lopez my lifetime will
climb to see if in Nathaniel Ayers
attended your school here was the most
beautiful I've ever met I'm gonna write
a column about hurt just playing the two
strings I can't cover that it's a gift
what is he funny are you flying it play
right here I'm not always so sure that
what's going on he has no idea what he's
your friend just downstairs I don't take
full responsibility
oh by all means avoid full
responsibility you second he needs a
psychiatric hospital has one thing wrong
pen do you use me a friend come on you
can do it
a year ago I met a man who was down on
his luck man he's got a kid
I might be able to help you
where the scene is courage
his humility do you think that to be
good again the power of his art never
loved anything the way that he loves
music being his friend will carry you
home when the closest thing to family he
has
we take care of each other
look after each other
- friendly
you